Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly - average basis :
Senator Sweeney also co-sponsored the law providing health benefits to New Jersey National Guard members who serve for 30 days or more on state active duty .
Arbuthnot provided him with a sister named Peg , and a traditional adversary in Louis Baboon .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month - old strike by workers at the facility .
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .
He returned to Cleveland , working in clubs as a singer , dancer , and comedian , often appearing in character as Prince DuMarr .
It is necessary to climb embankments to cross some roads where former bridges have been filled in .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
on August 25 , as part of a trade that brought Torrie Wilson and Candice Michelle to `` Raw '' .
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
Fishing boats and cargo ships typically have one or more cargo holds .
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . ''
At this point , the player confronts a boss , who is usually considerably larger and tougher than regular enemies .
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here .
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''
Ciel , a human who lives with the Reploids , explains that Neo Arcadia has begun destroying all Reploids due to a shortage on energy .
Made of space - age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100 - mile race , the company claims .
The body was made largely of lightweight carbon fiber and Kevlar , known for its strength , and lightness .
Initially formed as a punk band `` The Toilets '' under lead singer Mike Peters the band soon embraced rock , displaying marked influences from Welsh language and culture .
To be implemented starting school year 2000-2001 are the courses Math 3-A and Math 3-B .
The storm caused extensive damage to West Edmonton Mall ; a small glass section of the roof collapsed under the weight of the rainwater , causing water to drain onto the mall 's indoor ice rink .
Large cross - border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .
The name stems from the appearance of the upside-down boat , similar to the carapace , that is the top shell of a sea turtle .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full - time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
To add a few more calories to this dish , an egg , sunny side up , may be placed on top of the meat , in which case the dish acquires a new name , `` bife a cavalo '' .
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained .
A better alternative in order to find the best possible results would be to use the Smith-Waterman algorithm .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate - beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income - tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .
The Shi'a praise Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr for his devotion to ` Ali and his resistance to all the other caliphs who the Shi'a believe to be usurpers .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
The previously unincorporated communities of Winfield , Okanagan Centre , Oyama , and Carr 's Landing were united to form the new municipality , and they remain as separate wards within it .
Many noyans were executed and/or arrested during the Great Purge in Mongolia .
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Following the decision to withdraw tram services in London and replace them with buses , the station closed just after 12.30 am on 6 April 1952 .
Blagoja ` Billy ' Celeski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Newcastle Jets .
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .
It was regained by Syria on October 6 , 1973 , the first day of the Yom Kippur War , following the First Battle of Mount Hermon .
In Jewish Hebrew , the Samaritans are called `` Shomronim '' , while in Samaritan Hebrew they call themselves `` Shamerim '' .
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome - based management 's approval .
Removal of the lens before it completely luxates into the anterior chamber may prevent secondary glaucoma .
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .
After a long tenure on Monday nights , Keibler and fellow `` Raw '' Diva , Christy Hemme , were moved to `` SmackDown ! ''
Notorious train robber Roy Gardner was re-captured at the then-Oxford Hotel after escaping federal custody in 1921 .
Answering correctly adds the value of the question to their bank .
While the station was an initial moderate success among the young adult audience in the region , WHTA suffered a setback with its signal coverage .
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .
It is caused by any kind of infection and is a type of gastroenteritis .
After the battle , Battra rested in the Arctic Ocean , whereas Mothra retired to Infant Island , accompanied by the two Cosmos .
In criminal law , the intoxication defense is a defense by which a defendant may claim diminished responsibility on the basis of substance intoxication .
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .
When the meatus is not covered by the foreskin , it can rub against urine soaked diapers resulting in inflammation and mechanical trauma .
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . ''
The canopy itself was made of Plexiglas and each compartment had its own `` sliding hood '' for the two crew members .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
However , technologies to speed up the Smith-Waterman process have been found to improve the time necessary to perform a search dramatically .
`` It started from modest beginnings and became a gigantic charity '' .
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial - services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added .
As the student of Torah ascends through the thought of the Pardes system , as the interpretations become more inward and spiritual , it becomes progressively understood that God desires man 's observance of the Jewish precepts , so to speak .
He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai .
A common name , logo , and programming schedule followed in 1982 , with the establishment of the `` TV8 '' network between the three stations , changed to the `` Southern Cross Network '' seven years later .
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .
Ballast tanks are equipped to change a ship 's trim and modify its stability .
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .
In September 1940 , Colindale tube station and the Newspaper Library were bombed .
Poor and Tribal children are getting to learn English and Computers through roleplay .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems .
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .
In Marvel Noir , Felicia Hardy is the owner of `` The Black Cat '' , a speakeasy that caters to the most powerful and corrupt in New York City .
Because Yesler Way marks the boundary between two different plats , the street grid north of Yesler does not line up with the neighborhood 's other streets , so the northern `` border '' of the district zigzags along numerous streets .
The distinction between Primary and Secondary groups serves to identify between two orders of social organisation through analysis of the group relationships and their nature .
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said .
Knievel was scheduled to jump a tank full of live sharks and would be televised live nationally .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
In June , Nasser took control of the interior ministry post from Naguib loyalist Sulayman Hafez , and pressured Naguib to conclude the abolition of the monarchy .
The 2012 model year U.S. version has minor improvements and its updated EPA fuel economy rating is : City , Highway , Combined .
These agents of the king were recruited from among the masters of requests , the Councillors of State and members of the Parlements or the Court of Accounts .
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .
This finding indicated that organic compounds could carry current .
Local football team Ammanford A.F.C. play in the Welsh Football League Second Division , while rugby union team Ammanford RFC were formed in 1887 and play in the Welsh Rugby Union leagues .
Following the report , Attorney General Michael Mukasey appointed a special prosecutor to investigate whether former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other officials involved in the firings of nine U.S. attorneys broke the law .
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . ''
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .
In the municipal government , one councillor is drawn from each of these wards , while the mayor and two additional councillors are elected by the people at large .
Noatak has a gravel public airstrip and is primarily reached by air .
Luke Robert Ravenstahl is an American politician who served as the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014 .
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .
Ed arrives back and finds Alan alone trying to hide the fact that his arm is covered in the gelatinous substance they found on the wall earlier .
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack .
The Department has been accredited by the N.B.A. Dr. M. Meenakshi heads the department .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .
It is essentially the same as the dialect spoken in Xiamen , and is unintelligible with Standard Chinese .
At Vitoria and in Wellington 's invasion of southern France , Hill corps usually consisted of William Stewart 's 2nd Division , the Portuguese Division and Pablo Morillo 's Spanish Division .
However , it was also made with the thought of inspiring others to stay strong through their physical and emotional struggles .
In television , two episodes of `` Route 66 '' were shot in Minneapolis in 1963 .
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy - water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non - Proliferation Treaty .
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .
Why the `` Epilogue '' is missing is unknown .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
An additional Sessions court has been sanctioned for Handwara , but it is yet to function .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
Since many of the rebbes of the Nadvorna Dynasty married relatives , many of the rebbes in this list are sons-in-law of other rebbes on the list .
After 1895 cable hauling ceased and locomotives pulled trains the whole length of the Victoria and Waterloo tunnels .
In the calendar of the Roman Catholic and Anglican churches this is observed on September 29 .
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . ''
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said .
He outlived all the senators who belonged to that body in his consulship , and at the time of his death there were only seven persons surviving whom he had enrolled in the senate during his censorship .
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says .
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime - time shows .
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .
Also , starting with `` Madden NFL 2004 '' , EA Sports created the new `` Playmaker '' tool , using the right analog joystick found on each of the adjustments previously unavailable in prior installments of the franchise .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''
However , comic relief sidekick `` Mike McGurk '' bears some resemblance to Tracy 's partner from the strip , Pat Patton ; Tracy 's secretary , Gwen Andrews , provides the same kind of feminine interest as Tess Trueheart ; and FBI Director Clive Anderson is the same kind of avuncular superior as Chief Brandon .
The term can be applied to any vessel ; turning turtle is less frequent but more dangerous on ships than on smaller boats .
New Company is specialized to produce various domestic appliances , in particular , refrigerators and laundry washers based on the cutting-edge technologies .
Riders also criticised Poulidor for accepting to be tested .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .
This font contains many largely recognized shapes and gestures as well as some recognized world symbols , such as the Star of David , the symbols of the zodiac , index or manicle signs and obscure ampersands .
The fight resulted in a draw by decision , thus Walcott retained his title .
After this point many of the republicans were arrested in Free State `` round ups '' when they had come out of hiding and returned home .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .
Under an Elizabethan statute , the Erection of Cottages Act 1588 , the cottage had to be built with at least of land .
The carpenter matched the wooden parts together like a pieces of a puzzle .
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .
He was reared in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by two devoutly religious parents .
`` Billboard '' magazine ranked the album thirty-second in the decade-end recap of the most successful albums of the 2000s , while placing it twelfth in the R&B field .
Haynes Street ends at Main Street , which connects Sturbridge Center with Southbridge ; on the west side of town , Massachusetts Route 148 connects Fiskdale with Brookfield .
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death - penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital - punishment defense team .
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market - makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100 - share index .
At a presentation in the Toronto Pearson International Airport hangar , Celine Dion helped the newly solvent airline debut its new image .
Through the first nine months of the year , the unadjusted total of all new construction was $ 199.6 billion , flat compared with a year earlier .
Sukhum functioned as the capital of the `` Union treaty '' Abkhaz Soviet Socialist Republic associated with the Georgian SSR from 1921 until 1931 , when it became the capital of the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Georgian SSR .
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .
Israel recaptured both the formerly Israeli occupied sector and the pre-Yom Kippur War Syrian-controlled sector on October 21 , during Operation Dessert .
Marriage to what are sometimes described as foster relations in English are permitted , although the concept is not the same as implied by the English word .
While the majority of Bremen 's burghers and city council adopted Calvinism until the 1590s , the chapter , being simultaneously the body of secular government in the neighbouring Prince-Archbishopric , clung to Lutheranism .
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
And he was in Ali 's army in the Battle of Jamal and later it was Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr who escorted Aisha back to Madina .
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do .
Petersen 's book articulates a series of events that due to their likelihood to surprise and potential for impact might be considered ` Wildcards ' .
Rather than raising new infantry regiments , the senior regiments of foot were each ordered to raise a second battalion , with the existing regiment being redesignated as the 1st Battalion .
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .
`` Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- `` that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . ''
Voyslava has killed Mlada , Yaromir 's bride , to have him for herself .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .
However , when compared to BLAST , it is more time consuming , not to mention that it requires large amounts of computer usage and space .
In 1973 , shortly after the birth of her first child , she starred in a one-off eponymous 50-minute `` special '' programme with guest star Stefan Grapelli .
There were 6,524 households out of which 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 31.7 % were married couples living together , 31.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.6 % were non-families .
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .
A number of rare and endemic plants are adapted to the unique limestone soils of the mountains , including the cliffdweller , bristlecone cryptantha , and Inyo rock daisy .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit - card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .
In modern classifications , it is often treated as a subfamily of the Glyphipterigidae family .
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .
The second session , taking place on November 12 , 1960 , produced Joe Primrose 's `` St. James Infirmary '' and the sad and mood `` I 've Just Got to Forget You '' .
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47 - year - old Mr. Campaneris .
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill .
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .
Team Racing is a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series team .
He asserts that government has done an even worse job of controlling its health bill than business .
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Lake Elsinore Storm minor league baseball team , a part of the California League .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index - arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
The album featured Shy 's biggest hit , `` Break Down The Walls '' , co-written with Don Dokken .
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .
Blackburne was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland in February 1852 , but was replaced in October .
Contracting for non - residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion .
It was only incidentally that economic issues appeared in nationalist political forms .
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352 - mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .
Starting in 2009 , Akita began experiencing a huge surge in Korean tourism after the airing of the popular drama Iris , which featured several scenes shot in Akita , most notably at Lake Tazawa and Oga 's GAO Aquarium .
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''
The number of ones equals the number of zeros plus one , since the state containing only zeros can not occur .
It is for the most part mutually intelligible with the other Oghuz languages , which include Azerbaijani , Gagauz , Turkmen and Urum , and to a varying extent with the other Turkic languages .
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .
He added : `` Every paper company management has to be saying to itself , ` Before someone comes after me , I 'm going to go after somebody . ' ''
Under the command of two Deputy Chiefs in two Districts , the HFD maintains a fire apparatus fleet of eleven engines , five ladders , one tac unit , one fireboat , one rehab unit , one decon Unit , one foam unit , one fire investigation unit , three Maintenance Units , and numerous other spare apparatus .
Punjabi women wear a suit and salwar with chunni .
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
Unlike organized sports , like basketball or football , skateboarding has no set arena or rules and skateparks have no standard design template .
Another variation of `` bife '' is `` bife a casa '' , which may resemble the `` bife a cavalo '' or may feature embellishments such as asparagus .
Its objective is to organize in-service Continuous Capacity Building and professional development training sessions , workshops and local and international conferences for enhancement of skills and competitive strength of faculty , staff and M.Phil and PhD students at their campuses .
`` Impact '' notably features voice acting from the original Japanese voice actors .
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
The Academy offered classes that taught the German language and literature , as well as English .
Paper and forest - products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia - Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long - term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
Valdano added that `` Maradona offered to the Argentines a way out of their collective frustration , and that 's why people love him .
Georgia - Pacific , which has suspended its stock - repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
A public inquiry into the scheme started on 10 November 2009 .
Dangaioh 's characters , mecha , and storyline elements appeared in Banpresto 's `` Super Robot Wars '' games .
Accompanying demographic change has made the seat friendlier to Labor in more recent years .
Frowin founded the Benedictine monastery of New Engleberg at Conception , which was erected into an abbey in 1881 .
Poulidor said his indifference to the controls and the strike harmed his relations with fellow riders .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .
Hombres G joined the independent recording company , Lollipop , who in 1983 released their first two singles : `` Milagro en el Congo / Venezia '' and `` Marta tiene un marcapasos / La cagaste , Burt Lancaster '' .
The first was `` Isabel '' in which Barrie played the title role of Isabel Smith .
Kay goes on to state that , `` this began with non-Gelug books being removed , but as Geshe Kelsang 's vision crystallised , even books by Gelug teachers became unacceptable to him and the library disappeared altogether .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
South of downtown Tarboro , the U.S. Highway has a partial cloverleaf interchange with the US 64 freeway and Western Boulevard , which features US 64 Alternate , NC 111 , and NC 122 .
It operates the Helsinki metro , Helsinki tram and ferry boat traffic .
Web-footed geckos , in the genus palmatogecko are two species of Gecko that live in the Namib Desert .
The name `` SD-6 '' derives from the French , `` Section Disparu '' , which , in character Sydney Bristow 's words , means `` The Section that does n't exist . ''
But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
A skilled detective and crime fighter , Dare 's adventures appeared in `` Whiz Comics '' during the title 's earliest years .
Air Siam and Air France both began long-haul service to Fukuoka in 1975 , but withdrew within two years .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .
The lodge ceremonial teams bring flair to other events at the council district and unit level .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
An 11 - week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co - payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
Schulenburg ISD has made substantial strides in the expansion of technology to support its educational and administrative missions .
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .
The Bears would have to wait until 2000 to play another international , when they played France in the lead-up to the 2000 Rugby League World Cup .
This method varies from the BLAST method in two areas , accuracy and speed .
Plant communities include creosote and sagebrush at lower altitudes , and bristlecone pine forests at higher .
Initially flying the A-4B Skyhawk , the squadron later transitioned to the A-4L Skyhawk .
UCD finished the 2006 championship as Dublin champions , by beating St Vincents in the final .
Both monsters were swallowed up into the Earth 's crust .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
However , it became far less safe for the Nationals from 1983 onward , and strong population growth over the last three decades has seen it progressively lose its rural territory and reduced it to a more coastal-based and urbanised division .
Their mission was always for a specific mandate and lasted for a limited period .
The highest temperature recorded within the City of Edmonton was , on June 26 , 2002 .
Continuing duties specified for freed slaves in manumission agreements became more common into the Hellenistic era , and they may have been customary earlier .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
In the 1950s , researchers discovered that polycyclic aromatic compounds formed semi-conducting charge-transfer complex salts with halogens .
At one point , Ballard is nearly possessed , but resists when she is given a drug and discovers that the spirits are attacking them as they believe that the humans are invaders and plan to exterminate the humans on Mars .
Boost levels were driver adjustable between 8 and 14 lbs and during dyno testing at the factory the engine put out 1200 bhp at 14 lbs of boost .
Pursuant to his mandate and powers conferred upon him , strictly speaking in the texts of the State of Cameroon , Mbida formed a new government and Ramadier refused to ratify the government reshuffle .
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
Matthews released an on-air clarification the same day during his normal 5PM block of coverage on MSNBC .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .
He discovered a 75 - cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address .
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .
The spare apparatus fleet comprises six spare engines , three spare ladders , one spare tac , and three spare district chief 's units .
`` See also : Grand Duke of Luxembourg , List of Prime Ministers of Luxembourg ''
As a result , little happened for many years .
The use of high ranking , anonymous sources has caused numerous scandals for the Bush Administration , most notably the Plame Affair .
Hapoel Lod played in the top division during the 1960s and 1980s , and won the State Cup in 1984 .
The city has milder winters than either Regina or Winnipeg , both further south of Edmonton in latitude .
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .
The lead single that holds the same name , is a soft melodic song that differs from Tiger JK 's past releases .
But , he added , interest - rate - sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
Janet Jagan was also in the forefront in operating soup kitchens for the striking workers and their families on the sugar estates .
He chose a path of confrontation , of conflict .
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet .
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
On 15 January 1999 , Senchuk was appointed as governor of the Lviv region ; for some time he combined two posts .
Born in Washington , D.C. to a British father and an American mother , Florence King grew up in the District with her parents , a sister , her maternal grandmother and her grandmother 's maid .
In one instance , Japanese police in the village of Jeam-ri , Hwaseong herded everyone into a church , locked it , and burned it to the ground .
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs .
Surveys on vocational and technical education are also included in this division .
When the canal was opened to the river in March 1912 large amounts of Everglades muck and finely ground stone from the dredging were washed down the river , silting it .
The Red Wings and Canadiens faced off in four Stanley Cup finals during the 1950s .
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock - index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .
In a 2004 interview , Otto stated that she hopes she would never be as famous as fellow Australian actress Nicole Kidman because she is `` not sure could ever deal with that . ''
The semi-aluminum monocoque chassis was epoxy bonded and riveted with an aluminum honeycomb floor pan , and 5,000 aircraft specification rivets were used in the car 's assembly .
He pointed out that they themselves laid down their arms and forced him to call back Malik al-Ashtar , who was at the point of securing victory .
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once - sacred workout .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
A substantially revised version of `` Champagne Charlie '' was recorded in 1932 by the American blues singer Blind Blake .
`` Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios '' stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out - of - court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy - law protection if settlement talks fail .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year - earlier quarter .
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . )
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short - term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so - called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short - term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over - the - counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
`` Video Concert Hall '' ran daily on USA Network from 1978 to 1981 on a seemingly arbitrary schedule , appearing on early morning , daytime , late night , and early evening timeslots alike for durations ranging from one to four hours .
Here , equality between the two vectors in homogeneous coordinates means that the numbers on the right side are equal to the numbers on the left side up to some common scaling factor formula_8 .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
Also buried at Three Rivers cemetery are his first wife , Blanche , several members of the Blick family who had also pioneered 1890s Rhodesia with Burnham , Roderick , his granddaughter Martha Burnham Burleigh , and `` Pete '' Ingram , the Montana cowboy who had survived the Shangani Patrol massacre along with Burnham .
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .
The first leaf contains a description of the `` Rule of Marteloio '' for resolving the course , with the `` circle and square '' , two tables and two other diagrams .
The trilogy was released on vinyl by Ipecac Recordings .
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions .
`` I Pity the Fool '' was written by Joe Medwick and became Bland 's second number-one hit on the R&B chart .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
An `` optical image stabilizer '' , often abbreviated OIS , IS , or OS , is a mechanism used in a still camera or video camera that stabilizes the recorded image by varying the optical path to the sensor .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered .
Following the loss , Stevenson announced that he would drop down to the Lightweight division for future bouts .
Oya 's close association with the passage from life into death also means she is one of the only Orisha who is venerated alongside the Egungun , whose cult is most often kept separate from that of the Orisha .
Later , it carried `` Monitor , '' the network 's very successful weekend radio service .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
The team has fielded multiple trucks , usually with sponsorship from Red Line Oil and the Coverall Carports .
Among circumcised males , reported incidence figures include 0 % , 0.01 % , 0.55 % , 0.9 % , 2.8 % , 7.29 % , 9-10 % , and 11 % .
The second was titled `` Consider Her Ways '' and also starred Barrie as the lead named Jane Waterleigh .
`` Publish or perish '' is a phrase coined to describe the pressure in academia in the United States to rapidly and continually publish academic work to sustain or further one 's career .
Opposition research also has its origins in military planning , as evident in such ancient texts as `` The Art of War '' , published in the 5th century B.C. by Sun Tzu .
Most reporters require the source to have `` commissioned status '' .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Others have suggested she might have been anorexic while others attribute her poor health to an addiction to laudanum or a combination of ailments .
Ely Cathedral was never vaulted and retains a wooden ceiling over the nave .
Love was ordered to be arrested on 14 May 1651 , and was committed close prisoner to the Tower of London for high treason .
In 1995 , one of her poems was recorded and presented in Puerto Rico 's `` Centro de Bellas Artes '' , by Puerto Rican musician and singer Roy Brown .
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .
Latif said he traveled from Yemen to Pakistan in August 2001 to seek medical treatment , while the U.S. government alleged he went there to receive military training from affiliates of al Qaeda .
The amendment prompted an ironic protest from Mr. Thurmond , who complained that it would `` kill '' capital punishment .
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
McLay also suggests that the songs negate what many consider to be a `` heretical '' ending for a comedy .
Aside from developing Canadian talent , he has also expressed interest in developing international talent , stating `` I 'm searching the world for superstars . ''
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .
It is very important when setting up a colony of `` T. moorii '' to introduce them to the tank all at once .
Following the 1938 `` Our Gang '' short `` Came the Brawn '' , McFarland `` retired '' from `` Our Gang '' , beginning a personal appearance tour .
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
Accordingly , three proposed drafts were prepared for a revision of Speransky 's Fundamental Laws .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health - club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
In Argentina , Maradona is considered a sports hero to many .
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest - rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
On 14 March 2007 , a federal judge in the United States , Robert G. Doumar , ruled that the Sudanese government was liable for the bombing .
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said .
Evidence also points to the role of a number of contextual factors that can impact intimate relationships .
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Prior to the 2012 season , the Royals signed Yost to a contract extension through the 2013 season .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Dilevski started his career as a junior for Victorian lower league team Sydenham Park where he was coached by Tony Ivanov and eventually played in their seniors at a very young age .
Basil II also prepared carefully , assembling a large army of his own and taking his most experienced commanders , including the governor of Philippopolis , Nicephorus Xiphias , who had conquered the old Bulgarian capitals Pliska and Preslav from Samuel in 1001 .
Arrangements were made for mid-August performances in 1944 , but , following the 20 July plot to assassinate Hitler , Joseph Goebbels declared `` total war '' and closed all theatres within the Third Reich , resulting in the work not being allowed a public staging .
There is also a boat race held every year between AUBC and RGUBC .
The Anti-Monitor was able to counter the vicious attack , permanently scarring the face of Scar .
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .
Peg continued in pictorial art beyond the 18th century , but the other figures associated with the original tableau dropped away .
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place .
He was buried at a private ceremony at Three Rivers , California , near his old cattle ranch , La Cuesta .
Prior to the Playmaker tool , the Player could only call one of four available `` hot routes . ''
As for punishment , intoxication may be a mitigating factor that decreases a prison or jail sentence .
The album is named after the discredited pseudoscience of phrenology , the study of head shapes to determine intelligence and character , which was used to rationalize racism during the 19th century in the United States .
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .
The band 's 1987 album , `` Excess All Areas '' , was recorded in the Netherlands with producer Neil Kernon .
Bruce himself ultimately confessed to their relationship after finding out that he had gotten Barbara pregnant ; furthermore , he wanted to be involved in the life of their child .
The first comes from when Sweden 's Royal Couple lived there during the 1992 Barcelona Summer Olympics .
Kabul had textile , cotton production , and carpet production industries , but most of its economy came through tourism which it lost during its destruction .
Eras returned from Edinburgh ready to sit his Bachelor of Medicine exam , and in the new year he and Charles set out together for Cambridge .
The Harvard Library Board is composed of six permanent members and five rotating members who serve three years each , with their initial terms staggered .
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .
In September 1941 , she joined the Women 's Auxiliary Air Force , working at the Department of the Chief of Air Staff as Assistant Section Officer for Intelligence duties , before being posted in July 1942 to Moreton-in-Marsh , where she was promoted to Section officer .
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .
The Smith-Waterman option provides better accuracy , in that it finds matches that BLAST can not , because it does not miss any information .
Still in corps command , he fought in the Battle of the Pyrenees .
KOMO has a number of broadcast `` firsts . ''
A link between atypical antipsychotics , such as risperidone and quetiapine , and pituitary tumor growth has been generally reported .
Today most automotive engines use overhead cams , driving a flat tappet to achieve the shortest , lightest weight , and most inelastic path from cam to valve , thereby avoiding elastic elements such as pushrod and rocker arm .
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle - aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
It is a relatively common and widespread snake found in the Southern United States and northeastern and central Mexico .
Water molecules involved in this clathrate-like basket around the non-hydrogen-bonding surface are constrained in their orientation .
In July 2014 , Ofcom completed a review of Openreach 's service , resulting in mandated performance levels on key services .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .
According to Indian government analysis , they began the process of laying a corridor , which is now widely referred to as the Revolutionary Corridor extending from Nepal to across six Indian States , including Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Andhra Pradesh , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh .
There was some profit - taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain - bike business in 1987 .
It is named as a part of East Main Street .
`` It 's a super - exciting set of discoveries , '' says Bert Vogelstein , a Johns Hopkins University researcher who has just found a gene pivotal to the triggering of colon cancer .
They get together periodically to discuss issues of concern to them in relation to regeneration plans .
It was elevated further as the Diocese of Pyongyang on 10 March 1962 .
For Lucretius , Magna Mater `` symbolised the world order '' .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia - Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
The strike obtained political support from the Political Affairs Committee , and the workers were addressed at numerous public meetings by Dr. Cheddi Jagan , Janet Jagan and leaders of the GIWU .
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''
Like other BBC content of the mid-1990s , it often lampooned the low-budget quality of satellite television available in the UK at the time .
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency .
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .
His recent work has been associated with the Bizarro Fiction movement , of which he is one of the leading proponents .
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry - government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
The company owns and operates Chromite and Magnesite mines in Balochistan Province .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
US 258 intersects NC 222 in Fountain before entering Edgecombe County .
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating - point operations every second .
Obviously the epilogue was not an afterthought supplied too late for the English edition , for it is referred to in `` The Castaway '' : `` in the sequel of the narrative , it will then be seen what like abandonment befell myself . ''
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
Today it is managed by the Outdoor Programs Office and staffed by Dartmouth College and Dartmouth Outing Club students and recent alumni .
When the explosion tore through the hut , Stauffenberg was convinced that no one in the room could have survived .
A proprietary name for : a language programme integrating speech , manual signs , and graphic symbols , developed to help people for whom communication is very difficult , esp .
As ex-slaves risked beatings for failing to meet the continuing duties , their freedom was limited .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self - congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
On 16 June 1944 , British double agent `` Garbo '' was requested by his German controllers to give information on the sites and times of V-1 impacts , with similar requests made to the other German agents in Britain , `` Brutus '' and `` Tate '' .
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .
In the chaos , a fire starts which causes the truck to explode , killing Kit and scaring away the crocodile .
Placing the stones in the Suva shrine , the stones activated and transformed the six into new Toa Metru .
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .
Lonsdaleite is simulated to be 58 % harder than diamond on the < 100 > face and to resist indentation pressures of 152 GPa , whereas diamond would break at 97 GPa .
The ill-fated RMS `` Titanic '' was built there in 1911 .
The program - trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
In the extreme south , the national language Dzongkha is spoken .
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit - cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic - illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee - benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
The school offers eight honors classes and fifteen Advanced Placement classes .
The psychological impact of this first transformation caused Beast to experience short-term amnesia and also made it difficult for him to control his animalistic instincts , which would cause him to slip into an uncontrollable berserker rage during combat .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual - fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Alan , one of the crew , begins to behave strangely and Pete suggests taking a blood sample to check .
Habitat destruction , damming of upland rivers , pollution and in some cases overfishing for food or the pet trade have driven some Cypriniformes to the brink of extinction or even beyond .
Unsure of who he is , Zero helps the band of Reploids , who in turn marvel at his skills .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .
However , during his rehearsal , Knievel lost control of the motorcycle and crashed into a cameraman .
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .
Positive displacement compressors are of four main types : screw compressor , rolling piston compressor , reciprocating compressor , and rotary compressor .
The principle behind positive displacement compressors utilizes a turbine to compress refrigerant into high-pressure vapor .
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010 , scoring six goals .
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .
In `` Predator '' , Scarpetta becomes the head of the National Forensic Academy in Hollywood , Florida , a private institution founded by her wealthy niece Lucy .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
At least 11 villagers disappeared and 8 people were killed in the ensuing tsunami , two of which are prisoners at one of the Permisan prisons .
Though this created a strained relationship for many years , Trumbull said after Kubrick 's death that Kubrick `` was a genius '' , someone whom Trumbull missed terribly .
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
He left that post to become the second commander of the U.S. Army 's 1st Armored Division .
In 1988 extensive work was carried out on the beach portion of the park by the Civitans .
Both were right wingers who wore the number 9 , were frequently contenders for the league scoring title , and could also play rough if needed .
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
A nonsurgical alternative involves the use of a miotic to constrict the pupil and prevent the lens from luxating into the anterior chamber .
`` The Cure '' topped the online music sales charts .
Swinburne relies on his previous arguments as he defends particular Christian beliefs .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
For the next 20 years , she was one of the biggest stars in Korean film and led the Shin Film company along with her husband , the director Shin Sang-ok .
The benchmark 30 - year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday .
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital - punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
Jackson Lee made three unsuccessful attempts at local judgeships before becoming a municipal judge from 1987 to 1990 .
On October 8 , 2007 on `` Monday Night Football '' , he intercepted Tony Romo and returned it for a touchdown in his first NFL start .
In microcomputers , SWTPC 's 6800 and 6809 machines used TSC 's FLEX disk operating system , Radio Shack 's TRS-80 machines used TRS-DOS , their Color Computer used OS-9 , and most of the Intel 8080 based machines from IMSAI , MITS , Cromemco , North Star , etc. , used the CP/M -80 disk operating system .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Al Nasr SC .
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
De Valera remained in hiding for several months after the ceasefire was declared ; however , he emerged in August to stand for election in County Clare .
In order to allow him to retain his title , Emily went to gatherings of engineers and politicians to defend her husband .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
She returned to that Thames River base 9 February 1931 and for the remainder of the decade served as a training ship primarily for the Submarine School at New London and occasionally for NROTC units in the southern New England area .
The heart of the case -- `` official oppression '' -- remains intact .
When the character was brought back in `` First Date '' , the casting directors preferred a younger actress , who could seem more like a vulnerable teenage mother , and hired K.D. Aubert .
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .
The United States High Commissioner for Germany and his staff occupied the building from 1949 to 1952 .
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .
This currently sees the club ranked sixth in terms of premierships won .
These days he hustles to house - painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
The fitness craze itself has gone soft , the survey found .
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .
The novel follows Cashel Byron , a world champion prizefighter , as he tries to woo wealthy aristocrat Lydia Carew without revealing his illegal profession .
He graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in 1983 and was a member of the Royal Shakespeare Company .
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Each of the Matoran brought their Toa stone and met each other at the Great Temple .
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .
The suit alleged that they conspired to fix prices for e-books , and weaken Amazon.com 's position in the market , in violation of antitrust law .
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .
Superconductivity in charge-transfer complexes was first reported in the Bechgaard salt 2PF6 in 1980 .
The Bourbons built additional reception rooms and reconstructed the Sala d'Ercole , named for its frescos depicted the mythological hero , Hercules .
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca - Cola and other sodas .
He began to write books at the age of 7 , and continued through high school .
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset - backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
The arena hosts shows in music and comedy , sporting events including world championship boxing , tennis , basketball and rodeo events , and corporate meetings , celebrity charity fundraisers and exhibitions .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health - care team when they get home . ''
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .
Hill commanded the Right Column during the campaign and decisive British victory at the Battle of Vitoria on 21 June 1813 .
Jewish tradition holds that Samaria is named so because the region 's mountainous terrain was used to keep `` Guard '' for incoming enemy attack .
It is often argued that only Morgan signed the report in its entirety .
In the years preceding the massacre , Huguenot `` political rhetoric '' had for the first time taken a tone against not just the policies of a particular monarch of France , but monarchy in general .
Falun Gong 's teachings are compiled from Li 's lectures , and Li holds definitional power in that belief system .
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good .
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well - hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
Furthermore , knowledge and interest pertaining to the event , as well as the level of importance , contribute to the frequency of rehearsal .
Typically the flow rate varies from 30 gallons per hour for the smallest ships to 90GPH for the largest ships .
Under the direction of President Spencer W. Kimball , the First Presidency and the Twelve removed the policy that denied black people the priesthood but did very little to disrupt the multiple discourses that had fostered the policy in the first place .
As Kit escapes to start the truck outside , Brady , Claire and Duncan fight off the crocodile .
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade - off ... .
Preparation is traditionally described as collection of the residue from meat roasts but modern production is from such residue added to boiling water with a generous amount of salt .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
I do n't think that is the case . ''
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock - index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock - index arbitrage had been a `` break - even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Reprise can refer to a version of a song which is similar to , yet different from , the song on which it is based .
On 1 July 1955 he was made an Officer of the Order of St John .
Warner has a five - year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .
Anthony 's novels usually end with a chapter-long Author 's Note , in which he talks about himself , his life , and his experiences as they related to the process of writing the novel .
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so - called boom - or - bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said .
The same period saw the first outbreaks of sectarian riots , which have recurred regularly since .
Its bus operations were merged with another city-owned company , Suomen Turistiauto , to form a new bus company called Helsingin Bussiliikenne .
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial - report comparability with profit - making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said .
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120 - day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand .
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .
On February 3 , 2004 , the approval of Republic Act no. 9237 established Mount Apo as a protected area under the category of natural park with an area of ; with two peripheral areas of and as buffer zones , provided for its management and for other purposes .
Had he mounted a credible defense of the defile , Alexander would have been easily repulsed .
Next morning , the race left the city on the way to the Pyrenees and stopped in the suburb of Gradignan , in the university area of La House .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
On-screen lesbian sex , while typically aimed at a male audience , has developed a small lesbian audience as well , but still contrasts with gay male pornography , which is considered a genre of its own .
With versions in 1/48 , 1/72 , 1/96 , and 1/144 scale , Big Gun Model Warship combat clubs have rules that make provisions for cannon caliber and armor thickness to be scaled according to that which existed on the prototype vessel .
So - called cross - border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
The rules of evidence were developed over several centuries and are based upon the rules from Anglo-American common law brought to the New World by early settlers .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
The segment now makes up roughly two - thirds of his company 's total sales .
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .
Byrom Street Cutting became a runaway catch point for runaway trains in the tunnel .
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed .
In `` The Book of the Dead '' , Scarpetta has relocated as a freelance forensic examiner/expert to Charleston , South Carolina .
In the early novels Scarpetta is the Chief Medical Examiner for the Commonwealth of Virginia and works in Richmond .
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage - grinder .
Owen and the French socialist Henri de Saint-Simon were the fathers of the utopian socialist movement ; they believed that the ills of industrial work relations could be removed by the establishment of small cooperative communities .
Government debt is one method of financing government operations , but it is not the only method .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
It was chosen in 1901 because it was a triangulation station at the junction of the trancontinental triangulation arc of 1899 on the 39th parallel north and the triangulation arc along the 98th meridian west that was near the geographic center of the contiguous United States .
So far , Nissan 's new - model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .
22.6 % of all households were made up of individuals and 4.5 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
This was replaced by a Town Hall in 1752 , built by Isaac Ware , which was demolished in 1893 to make way for the current building .
A Georgia - Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest - products company .
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .
Early Christianity was outlawed as a `` superstitio Iudaica '' , a `` Jewish superstition '' , by Domitian in the 80s AD .
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .
In 1971 , Britten-Norman encountered financial problems , and one result was that the Cushioncraft company was sold in 1972 to the British Hovercraft Corporation .
In 1991 he started writing and touring full-time which he still does today .
X is revealed to be the leader of Neo Arcadia and Zero confronts X in battle .
This is conducted through work projects during induction weekends , fellowship campouts , and special events such as the Arrow of Light weekend and the Webelos Woods program .
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high - yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields .
Usually sited at several locations throughout a city , cooling centers are meant to prevent hyperthermia , especially among the elderly without air conditioning at home .
In `` The Scarpetta Factor , '' she is working full-time and Wesley is working part-time in New York .
The core weapon system for CNC AFOs is the Heckler & Koch G36 , as well as this all officers are equipped with Glock 17 sidearms .
The Turkish language belongs to the Oghuz subfamily of Turkic .
In the winter of 1976 , Knievel was scheduled for a major jump in Chicago , Illinois .
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd .
Approximately 51 % of children in Northern Ireland are educated in Catholic-managed schools .
As a group , the team was enshrined into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1959 .
Matt Busby himself was in hospital for two months recovering from multiple injuries .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
Her image held aloft signifies the Earth , which `` hangs in the air '' .
In this case the infant is regarded in Islam as having the same degree of affinity as in consanguinity and therefore prohibited in marriage when he grows up to those related to the wet nurse by the same degree as if to his own mother .
In 1964 Barrie appeared in two episodes of `` Alfred Hitchcock Presents '' .
RedHat engineers identified problems with ProPolice though , and in 2005 re-implemented stack-smashing protection for inclusion in GCC 4.1 .
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
The CCD image sensors can be implemented in several different architectures .
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .
The scenes featuring dialogue include the opening scene of Benatar being thrown out of the house by her father and the scene featuring the pimp harassing the female dancer in which she shouts `` Leave me alone ! ''
In 2002 TV2 used `` In The Neighbourhood '' for its station promotions .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .
HoLEP is largely similar to the HoLAP procedure ; the main difference is that this procedure is typically performed on larger prostates .
Prior to the war , he was a lawyer , public official , and politician in Hillsborough , North Carolina , and was heavily involved in opposing the Regulator movement , an uprising of settlers in the North Carolina piedmont between 1765 and 1771 .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
JAL introduced jet service on the Fukuoka-Tokyo route in 1961 .
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Joseph 's half-brother , Frank LaFlesche became a chief of the Ponca and was influential in the lives of Joseph 's children .
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse .
Burnham died of heart failure at the age of 86 , on September 1 , 1947 at his home in Santa , Barbara , California .
In England , at the time of the Domesday Survey , this would have comprised between about 1 and 5 acres .
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
Several isomers of octene are known , depending on the position and the geometry of the double bond in the carbon chain .
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi - tech powerhouses is only half right .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
Hence it can be represented by the integer notation .
However , Leake and his allies contested the six by-elections with such organised campaigning that three of the six ministers , including Wilson , were defeated .
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen - Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .
In colonial times all grants of land from the Lords Baltimore were in the shape of leases subject to small and nominal ground rents , reserved by the Proprietary , and payable annually at Michaelmas , the Feast of St. Michael and All Angels .
San Francisco 's diversity of cultures along with its eccentricities are so great that they have greatly influenced the country and the world at large over the years .
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity - purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .
Different interpretations of the meaning of these songs include : optimistic commentary for the future , bleak commentary regarding the recent announcement of death , or an ironic device by which to direct the King and his Lords towards a new outlook on love and life .
The dynastic rule of Wodeyars thereafter ended only with the establishment of democracy in free India .
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
In a traditional ceremony , Command Sgt. Major Richard L. Ross , holding the division color with battle streamers , passed it to General Frederick M. Franks , Jr. , completing the official retirement of the division , and the 3rd Armored Division was removed from the official force structure of the U.S. Army .
`` American Guru : A Story of Love , Betrayal and Healing '' , by William Yenner and other former Cohen student contributors , allege authoritarianism , financial manipulation , physical and psychological abuse in Cohen 's community , and discusses the challenges of healing after leaving the community .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed - rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one - year adjustable rate mortgages .
Chisum Independent School District , or CISD , is a public school district based in the southern portion of Paris , Texas .
Accordingly , there was a need for an expansion and reorganisation of the existing regiments .
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real - life PC .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
Kiyoko can be written many different using different kanji characters .
When New Tomorrowland opened in 1967 , the space that this ride occupied was turned into the Tomorrowland Stage .
A one of TVN 's planned channel is a TVN24 HD .
Larger geographical areas , called Territories , are led by a Territorial Commander , who is the highest-ranking officer in that Territory .
The city was renamed a few years later , and in 1885 given the name of Arlington , after the colonial center in Virginia .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .
These orientations allow easy movement , i.e. degrees of freedom , and thus lowers entropy minimally .
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom .
Passenger services on the line were terminated on 31 December 1954 .
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
On January 29 , 2008 , he signed a minor league deal with the Houston Astros , who invited him to spring training .
Nothing is known for certain about his life before about 1580 , but contemporary or near-contemporary accounts suggest that he was brought up as a member of the Church of Scotland , spent some time in Argyll before leaving for the Continent , and was converted to Catholicism in Spain .
A massive cluster of thunderstorms occurred on July 11 , 2004 , with large hail and over of rain reported within the space of an hour in many places .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
This led morning show host Ryan Cameron to lobby for a frequency change for WHTA by putting together a petition from listeners at the risk of losing his job under Radio One 's management .
Mr. Moon 's two English - language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
The Pacific Plate , to the west of the fault , is moving in a northwest direction while the North American Plate to the east is moving relatively southeast under the influence of plate tectonics .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Proliferative nodules are usually biopsied and are regularly but not systematically found to be benign .
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said .
The L16S was an engine that was used in the 910 bluebird Sedan .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
He was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in the 1957 New Year Honours .
`` The profit locking - in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co .
That method relies heavily on inductive logic , seeking to show that his Christian beliefs fit best with the evidence .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
The enantioselectivity of this reaction is important because only the S enantiomer is medicinally desirable , whereas the R enantiomer produces harmful health effects .
In Taiwan , the locals speak a version of the Minnan language which is called Taiwanese .
Human behavioral ecologists assume that what might be the most adaptive strategy in one environment might not be the most adaptive strategy in another environment .
In an interest - rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom - tailored protection against adverse interest - rate swings for a specified period .
The River Stour Trust , formed in 1968 , has its headquarters in Sudbury , and a purpose built Visitor Centre located at Cornard Lock .
Merrill said it continues to believe that `` the causes of excess market volatility are far more complex than any particular computer trading strategy .
It features Miller reading news articles , usually of a humorous nature , discussing beavers .
With this in mind , it would be fair to assert that actions concerning the economy were not considered functions of the government before 1914 .
Tyabb also has Tyabb Airport , a private airfield which has been operating for more than thirty years .
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .
In 1642 a Lutheran Latin School opened at St Peter 's .
Historically , the division has been a rural seat and fairly safe for the National Party , which held it for all but six years from 1922 to 2004 .
`` The Note '' often employs jargon that may be incomprehensible to outsiders .
On many of the construction sites German prisoners of war were working together with Belarusian construction workers .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
Following the Russian Revolution of 1917 , the town and Abkhazia in general were engulfed in the chaos of the Russian Civil War .
HoLEP , Holmium Laser Enucleation of the Prostate , is another Holmium laser procedure reported to carry fewer risks compared with either TURP or open prostatectomy .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
There is a debate within the medical and bioethics literature about whether or not the non-voluntary killing of patients can be regarded as euthanasia , irrespective of intent or the patient 's circumstances .
Modern educational methods were more widely spread throughout the Empire , and the country embarked on a development scheme and plans for modernization , tempered by Ethiopian traditions , and within the framework of the ancient monarchical structure of the state .
Pan American Bank 's mission is to transform and empower Latino communities through banking relationships built on trust , service , respect , communication and guidance .
For his leadership in these battles he was awarded a medal and two clasps on 7 October 1813 .
Wallonia is also home to about 80 % of the population of the French Community of Belgium , a political level responsible for matters related mainly to culture and education , with the remainder living in Brussels .
In 1880 , the first Putnam Street Bridge was opened to connect Marietta to Fort Harmar .
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .
`` Greenfish '' was launched by the Electric Boat Co. , Groton , Conn. , 21 December 1945 ; sponsored by Mrs. Thomas J. Doyle ; and commissioned 7 June 1946 , Comdr. R. M. Metcalf commanding .
But a non-hydrogen-bonding surface with a moderate curvature forces the water molecule to sit tight on the surface , spreading 3 hydrogen bonds tangential to the surface , which then become locked in a clathrate-like basket shape .
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .
She returns to stop Paul 's rampage , only to find that Invincible came first , and refusing to hear her pleas , wants to put Paul in jail .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .
Then the short - term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets .
The reason she is worshiped with the ancestors is because the beloved dead are her children .
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .
All three had been photography students at The Art Center College of Design in Pasadena , California in 1979 when they became Newton 's longtime assistants , and all three went on to independent careers .
Sample Surveys Division oversees , planning design , operations , statistical analysis reporting , and dissemination of data from sample surveys at all levels of education , including early childhood and adult , and international data .
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .
`` This is a one - time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia - Pacific bid .
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese - backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
Sanford emphasizes the variety available in their curriculum , allowing each student to discover their own strengths and weaknesses and to construct a rigorous course load to accommodate such .
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order - processing services .
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .
The very large piers at the crossing signify that there was once a tower .
Greek and Roman pagans , who saw their relations with the gods in political and social terms , scorned the man who constantly trembled with fear at the thought of the gods , as a slave might fear a cruel and capricious master .
Telecoms provider customers who have problems can not directly contact Openreach and have to go indirectly through their reseller .
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .
The Hartford Fire Department operates out of 12 Fire Stations , which are located throughout the city .
After his parents separated because of his father 's long trips , the younger La Flesche lived with his mother and her family among the Omaha .
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling - related research .
Moreover , some sponsors pulled their advertising off XM in protest of the suspension .
He had spent 11 years in jail despite having been acquitted twice .
Its cultivation even declined in favour of the Asian species , which was introduced to East Africa early in the common era and spread westward .
In American modernism , New York became the first stop for immigrants seeking a better life .
In 1575 , Franco 's first volume of poetry was published , her `` Terze rime '' , containing 18 `` capitoli '' by her and 7 by men writing in her praise .
Green is also a significant color , symbolizing the union of the three colors .
Spennymoor Town F.C. are the main local football team and won the FA Carlsberg Vase , after winning 2-1 in the final at Wembley Stadium against Tunbridge Wells in May 2013 .
Although they are Italian , composers typically use them even if they have written their initial tempo marking in some other language .
About $ 550 million of long - term debt is affected , according to Moody 's .
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .
Only two tracks , `` Sydney Town '' and `` You Ca n't Run '' , have ever been released on a CD as of the date of this entry .
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Having finished his apprenticeship with Hammond , Keats registered as a medical student at Guy 's Hospital and began studying there in October 1815 .
A dam on the creek has created a lake covering for fishing , boating , and swimming .
Still , Gerard is given 48 hours to leave the country .
People close to the GM - Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .
He frequently appears as a commentator on Japanese national TV .
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .
The third is the presence of a community ; small and stable populations with a thick social network and social norms promoting conservation do better .
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms - control talks ever attempted .
Meatal stenosis may also be caused by ischemia resulting from damage to the frenular artery during circumcision .
Total ` Fresh Food Story ' constructed at the end of the North Mall .
A Fifth order Fresnel lens manufactured by Parisian glass makers Barbier and Fenestre was installed in the lantern .
New two - year notes ended unchanged while three - year and four - year notes were slightly lower .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
In particular , high conductivity of 0.12 S/cm was reported in perylene-iodine complex in 1954 .
The Prahran and Malvern Tramways Trust opened a line from Alcand Street , St Kilda to Hawthorn Road , Caulfield North along Carlisle Street/Balaclava Road on 12 April 1913 .
With the help of Morena , the goddess of the underworld , she has captivated Yaromir .
Robert Hammond then wrote to Oliver Cromwell asking for leniency for Love .
Air Canada has made a change in uniform by changing the dark green for a midnight blue colour .
For much of its current history , any member who failed in an assassination was in turn targeted by the League .
Heimerdinger excelled in Wyoming High School competitions for three years in the categories of Humor , Oratory , and Drama .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th - century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
Throughout the 1950s , Turkish Cypriots emigrated for economic reasons and by 1958 their number was estimated to be 8,500 .
However , it never developed far from its original region .
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .
Additionally , Mark composed verses celebrating the lives and achievements of his heroes , such as Joseph Bryennios .
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .
However , the two sometimes work as partners , and during a point in which Robin and Ariana were unable to see each other , he and Stephanie grow even closer .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer - driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .
In particular , the title page states `` London , George Allen & Unwin Ltd , Museum Street '' ; the colophon shows the A&U St. George and the Dragon insignia and the addresses of the publishers offices worldwide ; and the title page verso shows the full printing history .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
At no time did any of these sects constitute a majority ; most Jews were non-sectarian .
Flyers were distributed weekly to advertise sales that ran from Sunday through Saturday .
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
As a boy , he studied with Rabbi Tzvi Hirsh Braude of Salant .
He wrote for the Roman daily Il Paese , which ceased publication at the end of 1922 , after its offices were destroyed by Fascist `` squadristi '' .
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .
Until its 2007 acquisition by Tavistock Group , Freebirds World Burrito had its corporate headquarters in College Station .
The investigation prompted the company to recall both SoftRAM and SoftRAM95 from the market in December 1995 .
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .
Blackburne was nominated a King 's Counsel in 1822 and administered the Insurrection Act in Limerick for two years , effectually restoring order in the district .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public - relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .
There have been two crashes involving fatalities at the airfield since it was established .
The school has Church of England traditions , although it accepts girls of all faiths .
He was tried before the high court of justice in late June , and 5 July , defended by Matthew Hale ; presiding at the trial was Richard Keble .
He finally returned to the top spot with `` Turning Point '' in 1975 .
Many critics have objected to the subjective , Romantic nature of the title `` Moonlight '' , which has at times been called `` a misleading approach to a movement with almost the character of a funeral march '' and `` absurd '' .
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .
In 1904 , Service , who was working in the Canadian Bank of Commerce branch in Whitehorse , saw McGee 's name on a form .
`` T. moorii '' is a very hierarchical species and should only be kept in colony proportions .
DePauw University awarded the degree `` Doctor of Divinity '' in 1892 .
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .
Each time Cluemaster escapes or starts some new plan , Stephanie dons her costume again .
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft - spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record .
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .
Foundations are normally built below the frost depth for this reason .
The economy of Ostrov is based on food , electronic , and textile industries .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
Meades Ranch is a location in Kansas , United States that was designated as the geodetic base point for the North American Datum of 1927 .
In keeping with the theme of time as it relates to reality and fantasy , these are seasonal songs that restore the sense of time to the play .
Robin soon realizes that his feelings for Stephanie have grown into something more , and , after breaking up with Ariana , he begins dating Stephanie .
The Harford County Public Schools system is the public school system serving the residents of Harford County .
He also began making super-8 films beginning in junior high , and showed these films to the scholarship committee of Brigham Young University in 1981 , earning a full scholarship in ` Theatre and Cinematic Arts ' after receiving a Sundance Institute ` Most Promising Filmmaker ' award for his film `` Night Meeting '' .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues .
His first break came with an appearance on the CBS `` House Party '' television program hosted by Art Linkletter ; thereafter , he teamed with David Blaylock as the singing duo of `` Guy & David '' , which led to a recording contract with ABC Records .
According to available information , the Maoists of Nepal have well-established linkages with Indian revolutionary communist organizations , primarily with the Communist Party of India , currently leading a protracted `` people 's war '' throughout the subcontinent .
The founder had pledged himself to honour the Blessed Virgin in a special manner .
She is the mother of all , and the yoked lions that draw her chariot show the offspring 's duty of obedience to the parent .
He was preceded by James Hardiman , who in 1831 had published the first comprehensive attempt to collect popular poetry in Irish .
NAVAIRESTRACOM 's primary responsibility was the oversight of numerous reserve naval air stations throughout the US where experienced Naval Aviators , enlisted Naval Aircrewmen , and maintenance personnel from WWII could affiliate as Naval Reservists and maintain their aviation proficiency should their skills be needed for future conflicts .
Rolls - Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .
This often results in unexpected deaths , either directly or from stress-induced illness .
Such options include CS gas , Taser , ASP and plastic bullets .
A minor triad can also be described as a minor third interval with a major third interval on top or as a root note , a note 3 semitones higher than the root , and a note 7 semitones higher than the root .
In 1862 , Henry Letheby obtained a partly conductive material by anodic oxidation of aniline in sulfuric acid .
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . ''
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
In 2004 , Leahy announced plans to merge with the Boston College School of Theology and Ministry to advance BC as the world 's foremost Jesuit university and a leading center of Catholic intellectual thought .
At the same time , in her scenic works , portraits we can see that Speranskaya is acute portraitist-psychologist .
Unruly passengers are often put off here to be taken into custody .
On one occasion the lamps went out and the water became icy cold .
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .
Between 1500 and 800 BC , `` Oryza glaberrima '' propagated from its original centre , the Niger River delta , and extended to Senegal .
The company said it is part of a continuing world - wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
While pursuing his MFA at Columbia in New York , Scieszka painted apartments .
The fuselage had an oval cross-section and housed a water-cooled inverted-V V-12 engine .
When applicable , and with due regard to the safety of the individuals , cast and crew , women and minorities shall be considered for doubling roles and for descript and non-descript stunts on a functional , non-discriminatory basis .
Wakeboarding is practiced by both men and women at the competitive level , but they compete in separate categories .
As Georgia - Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
He went on to teach 1st-8th grade at the Day School for ten years .
It had the right to elect 12 burgesses to the corporation .
The Portuguese steak , `` bife '' , is a slice of fried beef or pork served in a wine-based sauce with fried potatoes , rice , or salad .
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .
Fetterman enlisted in the Union Army on May 14 , 1861 , in Delaware , and was promptly commissioned a first lieutenant .
His body was laid to rest at St. Gwynno Church in the Llanwynno forestry .
Hob Gadling , also known as Robert , Robbie , or Bobby , is a fictional character from the `` Sandman '' comic book series by Neil Gaiman .
The album reached Britain 's top 75 , with `` Metal Hammer '' magazine being appreciative .
Gameplay is very basic ; the player must shoot constantly at a continual stream of enemies in order to reach the end of each level .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
Along with the day-long events are 40 hot air balloons competing from five Great Lakes Region states to achieve tasks in the air and drop bean bags on targets from the air in competition .
Modeled after innovative European buildings , it became one of Newark 's first successful retail emporiums .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
Output of goods - producing industries increased 0.1 % .
In the 1999-2000 VHSL State Debate Tournament , Tallwood 's Four Person Policy Debate squad clinched the AAA championship .
Wild radish seeds contain up to 48 % oil content , and while not suitable for human consumption , this oil is a potential source of biofuel .
More recently , critical review on rice allelopathy and the possibility for weed management reported that allelopathic characteristics in rice are quantitatively inherited and several allelopathy-involved traits have been identified .
Later , the very different STA was converted into a flightworthy orbiter , re-designated OV-099 , and christened `` Challenger '' .
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to
Reviewers raised the question of how important the definition , or lack thereof , was to understanding the anthology as a whole and the stories individually .
These and other attempts supplied a bridge between the literature of the two languages .
The Tsar chose to accept the draft authored by Peter Kharitonov , Deputy State Secretary of the State Chancellory , as the basis for the new constitution .
Swinburne moves in his writing program from the philosophical to the theological , building his case rigorously .
He was defeated on September 9 , 2008 in the Democratic Party primary by Pedro Espada .
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro - industry projects , he said .
This also brings her into regular contact with Robin , on whom she has a bit of a crush .
The Nadvorna dynasty is notable inasmuch as many of its descendants become rebbes .
In 1577 , she unsuccessfully proposed to the city council that it should establish a home for poor women , of which she would become the administrator .
Nissan 's pace of new - model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch - rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
Kstovo was granted urban-type settlement status in 1954 and town status in 1957 .
The `` natmandira '' , the spacious congregational hall attached to the `` sanctum '' , resembles a church .
The Romans called such fear of the gods `` superstitio '' .
While always referring to oneself or the audience by name would be considered strange in English , in Vietnamese it is considered friendly , and is the preferred way to converse among close friends .
For the same reason , they do not worship or pray to Muhammad , Jesus , or any other prophets ; only to God .
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .
The city of Hartford is protected by 395 professional firefighters of the city of Hartford Fire Department .
He has on several occasions been a guest at the White House .
These terms also indicate an immediate , not a gradual , tempo change .
He left his old company , V2 records , wanting to expand his career into something bigger .
January platinum rose 90 cents an ounce at $ 500.20 .
From the , 275 or 26.1 % were Roman Catholic , while 624 or 59.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church .
It 's recommended to have only two males and a dozen or so females .
One example could be `` Time '' , the fifth song from Pink Floyd 's 1973 album `` The Dark Side Of The Moon '' , which contains a reprise of `` Breathe '' , the first song of the same album .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
It proved successful , and thus on October 22 , 2001 , owner Radio One finally moved the radio format and the WHTA call letters to the stronger 107.9 as `` Hot 107.9 '' where it still airs today .
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .
This releases some of the water molecules into the bulk of the water , leading to an increase in entropy .
Furious at being passed over again , Michael secures another job with a rival company and plans on leaving his family behind for good .
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS - Phillips & Drew .
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % .
Created as a result of a 20-year broadcast partnership between the two entities , the network is a joint venture between the conference and ESPN Inc. .
To face this threat , Samuel gathered a large army to face the Byzantines , some claiming it numbered as many as 45,000 soldiers .
As of early 2008 , it is not being maintained anymore .
Pursuit of the routed enemy to the French border was halted on 2 May upon the German surrender in Italy .
The gauge sender is usually a magnetically coupled arrangement , with a float arm inside the tank rotating a magnet , which rotates an external gauge .
Bruce 's Justice Lord counterpart was happily married to Wonder Woman as well until her Justice Lord counterpart killed him .
Morgans appointed Wilson minister of mines and commissioner of railways on 21 November 1901 .
One factor is the resource itself ; resources with definable boundaries can be preserved much more easily .
He is idolized , receiving the name of `` God '' .
Larger boats and ships generally have multiple decks and compartments .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .
In 1984 , KOMO became the first television station to broadcast daily programming in full stereo sound .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine - day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12 - story - high condom .
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . ''
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much - larger Mesa .
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
In `` The Andromeda Strain '' , Michael Crichton 's first novel published under his real name , only two people exposed to a pathogenic extraterrestrial microbe survive .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock - purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million .
The Security Wing is responsible for a range of security-related matters including VIP protection , counter-terrorism and security co-ordination .
The town is sited on a narrow isthmus , with Lough Currane on the east side of the town , and Ballinskelligs Bay on the west , and the Currane River connecting the two .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV - B measurements .
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
Afterward he has joined Emma Frost 's Academy of Tomorrow , a school for gifted beings .
Summis desiderantes affectibus was a papal bull issued by Pope Innocent VIII on December 5 , 1484 .
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .
Many are surgically removed for aesthetics and relief of psychosocial burden , but larger ones are also excised for prevention of cancer , although the benefit is impossible to assess for any individual patient .
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .
In 1990 Kelsang Gyatso became also outspoken against the Geshe Studies Programme , and `` made the pursuit of his new programmes compulsory . ''
His 2007-2008 season ended with a rib injury on December 10 , 2007 in a game against the Miami Dolphins in which he returned a fumble for a touchdown .
It was in the late eighties when he found himself on his way into the world of voice acting .
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .
To facilitate this , the chancel or `` presbytery '' is longer than usually found in Europe , as are the aisled transepts which contained chapels .
On the way through each level , the player can find numerous weapon upgrades and `` Metal Slug '' tanks .
He is one of Japan 's most prolific writers having authored and translated over a hundred different books , both fictional and non-fictional .
In Buenos Aires , Brown was received with bonfires and orchestras .
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .
Hilf al-Fudul was a 7th-century alliance created by various Meccans , including the Islamic prophet Muhammad , to establish fair commercial dealing .
In `` Fragments '' , the protagonist , Baako , is a `` been-to '' - a man who has been to the United States and received his education there .
This line was extended east by the Prahran & Malvern Tramways Trust from Hawthorn Road to Darling Road , Malvern East on 13 November 1913 .
Remnant Micronesia and the Marshall Islands , the heirs of the last territories of the Trust , attained final independence on 22 December 1990 . .
On 1 November 1945 he returned to the Metropolitan Police as Assistant Commissioner `` A '' , in charge of administration and uniformed policing .
BAE Systems has in recent times been criticised for its role in the production of cluster bombs , due to the long term risk for injury or death to civilians .
In athletics , Boston College left the Big East Conference and joined the Atlantic Coast Conference on July 1 , 2005 .
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three .
As night falls , the teenagers are still stranded in the woods searching for a road .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock - index arbitrage .
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
His first-class record is better , with 3815 runs in 85 matches between 1945 and 1964 , including six centuries .
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell .
Twice divorced and currently married , Ladd is the mother of actress Laura Dern , by her ex-husband , actor Bruce Dern .
She provided an audio commentary for the episode on the DVD release of the show 's third series alongside David Tennant .
`` Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . ''
A half - dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan .
Although he lived through troubled times , he did not play a prominent role in them .
The Warrens believed that the cemetery was haunted by a `` white lady '' ghost .
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
From June 30 to July 4 , 2002 , the majority of 3PPCLI relocated to Zabul Province , Northwest of Kandahar , to establish for the first time a coalition presence in the region .
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .
In 1638 he defended John Hampden , along with co-counsel Robert Holborne , on his refusal to pay Ship Money , on which occasion he made a notable speech which established him as a leading advocate .
Marinated kapenta can be made from kapenta fillets put in vinegar with salt and kept in a refrigerator .
Yet , he rejected an invitation to Terre'Blanche 's funeral , `` I 'm not enamoured of him .
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake - up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .
He also took 124 wickets , with 7 for 39 and 6 for 44 against Sargodha in 1962-63 his best bowling figures .
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % .
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
While Ballard recuperates in the hospital , the released spirits , unharmed from the nuclear explosion , attack the city .
The Israeli controlled sector was captured by Israel in the Six-Day War of June 1967 .
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home .
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
In addition , further packaging of mortgage - backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
A federated identity in information technology is the means of linking a person 's electronic identity and attributes , stored across multiple distinct identity management systems .
The car used in `` Stealth '' was a band member 's car , and recorded just outside the studio in the parking lot .
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .
Cells can integrate BrdU in newly synthesized DNA as a substitute for thymidine .
Bats rely heavily on echolocation to detect their prey , such that their auditory system might well be equivalent both in importance and perceptual nature to the human visual system .
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter - than - air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .
A British version of this show was developed , known as `` Gladiators : Train 2 Win '' .
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''
Beast gained the ability to emit mood altering pheromones , causing sexual attraction in women .
Many overseas Chinese whose ancestors came from the Quanzhou area , especially those in Southeast Asia , often speak mainly Hokkien at home .
Kawamori also helped to design various toys for the Takara toyline `` Diaclone '' in the late 1970s and the early 1980s , many of which were later incorporated into Hasbro 's `` Transformers '' toyline .
Although under constant attack from kamikazes as well as fighters and dive-bombers , `` Hazelwood '' came through the invasion untouched and on the night of 25 February sank two small enemy freighters with her guns .
The LPP contested a total of 31 ridings under the leadership of Leslie Morris who was defeated in the Toronto riding of Bracondale .
About 20 % of women who are carriers for the fragile X premutation are affected by fragile X-related primary ovarian insufficiency , which is defined as menopause before the age of 40 .
According to figures from the Department of Education for 2009/2010 , the number of pupils registered at school in Northern Ireland is 321,830 .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41 - lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health - care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .
`` For other uses of the word Dati , see Dati . ''
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high - yield market .
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
Licensed brands include Disney , Marvel , Mattel and Nickelodeon .
There are municipal elections every four years since 1990 and regional elections every four years starting in 2000 ; in the autumn .
The volume allowed is based on the prototype ship 's displacement .
This can be further generalized by defining a Q-valued Euler characteristic for certain finite categories , a notion compatible with the Euler characteristics of graphs , orbifolds and posets mentioned above .
On May 11 , 2012 the station changed the format and the slogan from `` West Nipissing 's Lite Favorite '' to `` Today 's Hits and Yesterday 's favorites '' .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .
Though this form of violence is often portrayed as an issue within the context of heterosexual relationships , it also occurs in lesbian relationships , daughter-mother relationships , roommate relationships and other domestic relationships involving two women .
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''
Debate surrounding a volkstaat returned to the mainstream media following the murder of AWB leader Eugene Terre'Blanche in April 2010 .
One of the council 's goals , set in 1980 , was to see more than 60 % of adults under 65 years of age getting vigorous exercise by 1990 .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F - 15 weapons system trainer .
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino - U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 .
Back in Ghana he is regarded with superstitious awe as a link to the Western life style .
But we 're not going back to 1970 . ''
From 1998 to 2000 , the Triple-A World Series pitted the IL and PCL champs .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s .
He supervised the deployment of his division across the Atlantic to North Africa , which was brought piecemeal as part of Operation Torch and subsequent operations .
It was thought that she suffered from tuberculosis , but some historians believe an intestinal disorder was more likely .
Still not eighteen , he briefly attended the University of Idaho in Moscow in north Idaho , then entered the Army Air Forces in 1945 and was in basic training during V-J Day in August .
He notices that the prince 's pulse rate increases when he sees Stratonice , a young woman intended as his father 's bride , and further tests confirm his diagnosis .
Newhan split the season between Triple-A Round Rock , where he hit .308 .
Each September , the twenty four mile stretch of the River Stour hosts hundreds of canoe and small boat enthusiasts in a weekend event called `` Sudbury To The Sea '' , which finishes at Cattawade .
It was elevated as the Vicariate Apostolic of Heijo on 11 July 1939 , and renamed the Vicariate Apostolic of Pyong-Yang on 12 July 1950 .
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
It is currently utilized by Medaille College 's men and women 's soccer teams along with its men 's and women 's lacrosse teams .
At first , she seems happy with this arrangement .
The university also has a class center in Vicksburg .
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw - materials price index for September .
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
However , the two papers had shared the same editorial staff since the 1980s .
Lake Elsinore Diamond , commonly referred to as Storm Stadium , is a baseball park in Lake Elsinore , California .
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one - third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar .
The fractional quantum Hall effect continues to be influential in theories about topological order .
In the 2013 season , Yost posted an 86-76 record with the Royals , their first winning season since 2003 .
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
However , as a result of being touched by Pestilence his strength began to increase exponentially while his intellect began to decrease .
The consumer - products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
There are four boat clubs that row on the River Dee : Aberdeen Boat Club , Aberdeen Schools Rowing Association , Aberdeen University Boat Club and Robert Gordon University Boat Club .
To the west-northwest is the crater Tacitus , and the lava-flooded Beaumont lies to the east along the shore of Mare Nectaris .
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
On November 2 , 2005 , Brown ended his contract early and left the federal government .
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .
To assist the pope in the many calls for his help and charity , Pascalina organized and led the `` Magazzino '' , a private papal charity office which employed up to 40 helpers and continued until 1959 .
Calor provide gas both for use in bulk tanks and in smaller gas cylinders .
Combined with appropriate match pellets these rifles produce a consistent 10 ring performance , so a non-maximal result during the initial phase can be attributed to the participant .
In 2009 , June Browne Newton conceptualised a tribute exhibition to Helmut based around three photographers who had trained extensively under Helmut : Mark Arbeit , Just Loomis , and George Holz .
The famously-immobile Beuerlein had all of two rushing TDs in his entire 13-year career - both coming from the one-yard line - but Seifert was serious , stating that no one would expect a Beuerlein rush with the game on the line .
The film won its director numerous awards including the Carl Foreman Award for Newcomer in British Film at the BAFTA Awards , the Sutherland Trophy at the London Film Festival and the Silver Hugo for Best Director at the Chicago International Film Festival .
The two battalions , while sharing a depot , operated as separate units .
Gen - Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen - Probe 's stock .
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .
However , reports of the fight say Langford clearly outpointed the champion .
He stayed for less than a year before being appointed Chief Constable of Kent in July 1946 .
Hofmann was a below-average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .
The economy of the early village was based on fishing and ship building .
At the same time she began to work as an artist in TGTO&B , she became a follower of Pyotr Tikhonovich Speranski , one of the greatest masters of scena , the creator of Tatar national decorative art .
New York City is iconic not only for Americans , but also for many Europeans as the city of melting pot where many ethnic groups live , often in specific neighborhoods , such as Chinatown , Little Italy .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
Nighy and Blunt received Golden Globe Awards for their performances .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988 - model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6 - liter fuel - injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .
Andrea Bianco 's atlas of 1436 comprises ten leaves of vellum , measuring , in an 18th-century binding .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday .
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .
After the Battle of Culloden in 1746 , these rebellions were crushed .
Ballard 's crew , along with survivors who gathered in the jail , are eventually wiped out by the miners .
Migrants to Belfast came from across Ireland , Scotland and England , but particularly from rural Ulster , where sectarian tensions ran deep .
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .
They also shot through the burning windows of the church to ensure that no one made it out alive .
This church is of medieval origin , the building has undergone a radical transformation in 1885 .
In 2001 , he brought his mecha design talent to real-life projects when he designed a variant of the Sony `` AIBO '' robotic dog , the `` ERS-220 '' .
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million .
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third - quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
It includes thirty-two elementary schools , nine middle schools , ten high schools and one charter school .
It can be recognized by trembling of the iris or lens and the presence of an aphakic crescent .
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Positive displacement compressors are currently the most efficient type of compressor , and have the largest refrigerating effect per single unit .
Sometimes extra payments were specified by which a freed slave could liberate himself from these residual duties .
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says .
It has its own Tehsil office , ADC office , and a police station .
However , his body suddenly mutated again after a short time , changing his fur color from grey to black , returning his strength back to previous levels , and losing his healing factor .
During the Final Crisis , Darkseid used his Omega Beams to grant power to Mary Marvel , with her powers then being based on Anti-Life rather than magic .
`` Edsall '' was laid down by the William Cramp and Sons Ship and Engine Building Company on 15 September 1919 , launched on 29 July 1920 by Mrs. Bessie Edsall Bracey , sister of Seaman Edsall and commissioned on 26 November 1920 , Commander A. H. Rice in command .
Maduveya Vayasu song from nanjundi kalyana was a track played during marriages for many many years in Kannada .
She resigns after the events of `` The Last Precinct '' and relocates to Florida to become a private forensic consultant .
The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
An animal that cares for its young but shows no other sociality traits is said to be `` subsocial '' .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product - related lawsuits , as well .
Some claim that like the Chalcedonian Creed adopted by later trinitarians , he here makes no mention of the Holy Spirit because his attention is focused on demonstrating the humanity and divinity of Jesus Christ .
He captained Karachi Blues and Rawalpindi in the Quaid-i-Azam Trophy .
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
The championship was at the Pinehurst Resort where Stewart won his last major championship only a few months before his death .
On May 15 , 2007 , XM suspended Opie & Anthony for 30 days , in response to a broadcast featuring a homeless man who wandered into the studio .
By opening for acts such as U2 and Bob Dylan , they became a popular alternative rock band of the 1980s , retaining a loyal following to the present day .
In addition , the cut of women 's clothes was more complex , which made a more elegant silhouette .
Later , divorced , she met and fell deeply in-love with Gabriel Roche , a successful urban developer during the rebuilding years of France after World War II .
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year .
The group were influenced by Ash Ra Tempel , Hawkwind and Tangerine Dream .
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
In 1636 , Roger Williams , after being banished from the Massachusetts Bay Colony for his religious views , settled at the tip of Narragansett Bay , on land granted to him by the Narragansett tribe .
On U.S. - Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged .
These include all current Airbus , Boeing , Bombardier and Embraer models as well as Helicopters .
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .
On December 16 , 2013 , Offishall joined Universal Music Canada as Creative Executive Director of A&R .
Not only the plant itself , but the entire living infrastructure were built in a short time .
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .
As in his first novel , Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values , corruption and dreams , two worlds of integrity and social pressure .
The airfield hosted an internationally recognised Air Show for several years .
A spectrum from a single FID has a low signal-to-noise ratio , but fortunately it improves readily with averaging of repeated acquisitions .
In law reports , referred to as `` Smith J '' , and , for more than one judge , `` Smith and Jones JJ '' .
They point to other easy-to-learn languages such as Tok Pisin in Papua New Guinea , which have had deleterious effects on minority languages .
Today , so - called mountain bikes account for two - thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. .
In the aftermath of September 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , Storrs was named by `` Slate '' as `` America 's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster . ''
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .
Even though he knew about voice acting , Scott pursued the theater .
Sometimes , differences in skin color within the same family made joining the same Cuban club impossible .
It finally closed to all traffic in July 1985 , when it was deemed too expensive to make extensive repairs to keep Latchford viaduct operational .
Antiochus , the son of King Seleucus , is pining away yet he would rather die than name the cause of his disease to his father .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
The stadium was confirmed to host the 63rd Miss Universe pageant .
Transferred to Key West , Florida , on 1 June 1941 , `` R-11 '' continued her training ship duties throughout the remainder of her career .
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150 - member bar association .
All of the exegetical works of Eusebius have suffered damage in transmission .
Some of the rare species that inhabit the Valdivian Coastal Range include the Pudu , the Degu , the Marine Otter , and the Monito del Monte , or mountain monkey .
The anthology raised several questions and started many debates on the nature of interstitiality as applied to fiction .
However , escape mutants are often generated for the former drug and less frequently for the latter drug .
Baako 's grandmother Naana , a blind-seer , stands in living contact with the ancestors .
At the rear of the cockpit , the bulkhead was covered by a canvas cover which could be breached by the crew in an emergency , enabling them to escape into the main fuselage .
The department came under grant-in-aid scheme of Government of Karnataka in 1992 .
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions .
By 1910 his company had built a film studio , `` Lubinville '' , in Philadelphia .
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again .
On October 14 , 2012 , Sidney Rice caught the game winning touchdown from a 46-yard pass from Russell Wilson to beat the New England Patriots 24-23 .
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .
Bruinooge defeated Alcock by 111 votes on election day , in what most political observers described as a significant upset .
He did n't realize that the different circumstances of the terrain made that strategy useless .
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
He was a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1998 to 1999 who was elected in a by-election .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Crime Master slashes her when he finds out about this , but before passing out , she alerts the FBI that he is in league with Otto Octavius and his inhumane experiments .
His discovery allowed KOMO-TV to become the first television station in the nation to broadcast in true color .
He is also a skilled traditional artist : painting , sculpting , making flutes , bead working , and feather working .
Other signs of lens subluxation include mild conjunctival redness , vitreous humour degeneration , prolapse of the vitreous into the anterior chamber , and an increase or decrease of anterior chamber depth .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
Rice allelopathy depends on variety and origin : Japonica rice is more allelopathic than Indica and Japonica-Indica hybrid .
In 1809 Cockburn married his cousin Mary Cockburn ; they had one surviving daughter , Augusta Harriot Mary .
At home , he pursued a similar policy , using censorship and a wide ranging spy network to dampen down unrest .
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .
According to the United States Census Bureau , the town has a total area of , all of it land .
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy - out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks .
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third - quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
In the first volume of the series , The Noh 's nature and background is explained .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
US 258 and NC 122 parallel the river north before the two routes diverge northeast of Tarboro .
In a recent study on the impact of Hurricane Katrina on marital and partner relationships , researchers found that while many reported negative changes in their relationships , a number also experienced positive changes .
These are visually very similar to part number 2189014-00-211 , with the same AT style plug and chassis , silver label on the reverse bearing the AnyKey moniker , screws holding the keyboard together , macro programming requiring the control key , and lacking the AnyKey inscription on their face .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Korean villagers hiding resistance fighters were dealt with harshly , often with summary execution , rape , forced labour , and looting .
From 1909 to 1912 , the Miami Canal was dug , bypassing the rapids at the head of the North Fork .
During the 1730s Britain 's relationship with Spain had slowly declined .
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage - discrimination against female employees .
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. .
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million .
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake .
The cognitive self is made up of everything we know .
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Locals speak the Quanzhou variety of Min Nan similar to Amoy , similar to South East Asian Hokkien and Taiwanese .
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Following that , presentations of various dignitaries are made .
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for - profit businesses .
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .
Alan transforms into an alien creature and attacks Ed .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
Elinor Ostrom , who was awarded 2009 's Nobel Prize of Economics for her work on the issue , and her colleagues looked at how real-world communities manage communal resources , such as fisheries , land irrigation systems , and farmlands , and they identified a number of factors conducive to successful resource management .
The new hybrid system is being designed as a scalable and modular system that could be applied across a variety of Land Rover models and powertrains .
Even its own members , initially including agent Sydney Bristow , believe it is a black ops division of the CIA ; and only a handful of senior staff know the truth and are complicit in the deception .
Cis-regulatory elements are sequences that control the transcription of a nearby gene .
The forest - products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding .
But the Population Council , a 37 - year - old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
It was originally aimed at mature entrants to the teaching profession , who could not afford to give up work and undertake a traditional method of teacher training such as the PGCE .
Darkseid has pinpoint control and his unerring aim allows the beam to travel in straight lines , bend , or curve around corners and can pass through matter and energy .
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
With Japan 's cash - flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank .
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .
Indian Maoists are known as Naxalites in reference to a popular uprising that began decades ago centered in the village of Naxalbari .
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board .
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .
In 1960 , AIMIM won the Mallepally ward of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation .
All of the lessons learned from making `` The Old Mill '' would subsequently be incorporated into Disney 's feature-length animated films , especially 1937 's `` Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs '' .
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars .
Relegated from their first season , they return the following year as Yorkshire League Division Two Champions .
Accordingly , the 1962 Roman Missal , the edition whose continued use as an extraordinary form of the Roman Rite is authorized by the motu proprio `` Summorum Pontificum '' , also has no mention of her .
On September 21 , 1955 , Moore went up in weight to face future Hall of Famer Rocky Marciano for Marciano 's Heavyweight Championship .
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .
Darwin came into residence in Cambridge on 26 January 1828 , and matriculated at the University 's Senate House on 26 February .
In 1840 , he was appointed to command his regiment , a post he held for nearly fourteen years .
The European powers first gained a foothold in Somalia through the signing of various pacts and agreements with the Somali Sultans that then controlled the region , such as Yusuf Ali Kenadid , Boqor Osman Mahamuud and Mohamoud Ali Shire .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon - owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two - year labor pact ends today .
The number of pupils attending Catholic-managed schools is 163,371 .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
Due to increased passenger numbers , Northern has installed new ticket machines at some stations .
Hoechst 33342 and 33258 are quenched by Bromodeoxyuridine , which is commonly used to detect dividing cells .
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''
On 14 February 1961 , the Holy See ordered that the name of Saint Philomena be removed from all liturgical calendars that mentioned her .
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions .
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan - U.S . Business Council .
Recently , OnStar has changed its terms and conditions to allow sale of vehicle location and speeds to interested third parties including law enforcement agencies , which has been criticized in the comp.risks forum .
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex - time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
Therefore , high levels of knowledge and interest contribute to high levels of personal importance and affect , as well as high frequency of rehearsal .
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .
She had three sons with him : Alain , Marc Y.C. and Jean-Luc Latrique .
In 2006 they applied for National League Three , finishing in 5th place and qualifying for the play-offs , where they lost to St Albans Centurions .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago - based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
Carl Schramm , president of the Health Insurance Association of America , scoffs at `` capitalists who want to socialize the entire financing system '' for health .
New car dealerships also sell used cars , and take in trade-ins and/or purchase used vehicles at auction .
In 1978 she played Emily Armsworth in the Disney television film `` Child of Glass '' , based on the novel `` The Ghost Belonged to Me '' by Richard Peck .
It has perhaps the largest numbers of rebbes of any Hasidic dynasty .
In `` Spider-Man Noir : Eyes without a Face '' , she takes on a more prominent role , sheltering Peter after he is almost killed by Sandman , as well as dating Crime Master .
The staff provides a family-style , home-cooked dinner every night , which is attended not only by Dartmouth students , but by community members , Appalachian Trail thru-hikers , tourists , and even Dartmouth professors .
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .
Scientists investigating these survivors discover that each had abnormal blood pH. One , a baby , had respiratory alkalosis due to constant crying ; the other , an old man , drinks Sterno .
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government - owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them .
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
Alexander supposedly said after this incident that he had never been so lucky in his entire career .
In this explanation the purpose of Creation is that `` God desired a dwelling place in the lower realms '' - it is man who transforms the mundane , lowest World into an abode for God 's essence .
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one - time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks .
Millais , absorbed by his painting and did not notice and Siddal did not complain .
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
In the early 19th century the Welsh Methodists broke away from the Anglican church and established their own denomination , now the Presbyterian Church of Wales .
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .
What the Big Board is considering is re - establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly .
Marking the first use of Disney 's multiplane camera , the film also incorporates realistic depictions of animal behavior , complex lighting and color effects , depictions of rain , wind , lightning , ripples , splashes and reflections , three-dimensional rotation of detailed objects , and the use of timing to produce specific dramatic and emotional effects .
He made several practical inventions , the most notable of which was an `` index visible filing system '' which he patented in 1913 and sold to Kardex Rand in 1925 .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
The railways were separate , the S&D being administered by the Midland Railway and the London and South Western Railway companies and the North Somerset being run by and then owned by the Great Western Railway .
The north tower was quickly rebuilt as a stubby , flat-roofed structure .
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
When running the ball on offense , the runner can control the direction in which the blocker is going .
There are four subspecies ; the nominal subspecies found in both the US and Mexico is commonly known as the Texas coral snake .
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink .
The company reported third - quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
Bianco also collaborated with Fra Mauro on the Fra Mauro world map of 1459 .
The Venezuelan government required that all private television stations dedicate at least 25 % of their airtime to programs created by community groups , non-profits , and other independent producers .
Butters Drive in the Canberra suburb of Phillip is named in his honour .
Certain fractional quantum Hall phases appear to have the right properties for building a topological quantum computer .
Following the end of WWII , NAS Glenview discontinued its role as a primary training base and became headquarters for the newly formed Naval Air Reserve Training Command in 1946 .
The latter are believed to predate on bush rat and bull shinks .
Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12 - inches above the water level .
In 2004 it was expected that redevelopment work in the remaining subway would probably obliterate what remains exist .
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking - related business .
The album `` Big City '' was produced by some of the best producers in the American music industry such as Kovas , J Que , Tricky Stewart and Laney Stewart , The CornaBoyz , Pale Face , Desmond Child and Stargate .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit - card securities are the first with a 10 - year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
As Secretary of the Interior , Chandler eradicated serious corruption in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , fully endorsing President Grant 's Peace Policy initiative to civilize American Indian tribes .
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia - Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 .
Other prominent riders , including Jacques Anquetil , were at the front .
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs .
Judaism gives various answers , and Nistar gives its own reasons and explanations .
The origin of the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart is closely connected with the definition of the dogma of the Immaculate Conception of the B. V. M .
Numerical analysis continues this long tradition of practical mathematical calculations .
Using Gnu - Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first - half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
23.60 % of all households were made up of individuals and 8.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
1989 saw the release of `` Misspent Youth '' on MCA .
The U.S. Highway intersects NC 124 in Crisp and NC 42 and NC 43 east of Pinetops , then parallels the Tar River to Tarboro .
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas .
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . ''
As was typically the case in England , Ely Cathedral was a Benedictine monastery , serving both monastic and secular function .
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .
The tracks were removed in 1980 , and the railway embankment is nowadays used as a cycling and hiking path .
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .
On a clear day visibility from the summit exceeds , and one can , in a single view , take in the entire caldera .
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto - based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
In 2011 , major vendors launched several consumer-oriented motherboards using the Intel 6-series LGA 1155 chipset and AMD 9 Series AM3 + chipsets with UEFI .
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
The facades were covered with fresh multicolor paintwork , greatly enhancing the external appearance of the buildings .
The first , at a severity of Mw 6.0 , occurred on May 26 , 1994 .
Although the villages were located close to industrial sites , they were generally physically separated from them and generally consisted of relatively high quality housing , with integrated community amenities and attractive physical environments .
Land Rover presented at the 2008 London Motor Show its new ERAD diesel-electric hybrid in a pair of Freelander 2 prototypes .
Wright was the subject of `` This Is Your Life '' on two occasions : in May 1961 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews , and in January 1990 , when Michael Aspel surprised him at Thames Television 's Teddington Studios .
Fayette County then included land which makes up 37 present-day counties and portions of 7 others .
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
In practice , the peak areas are then not proportional to the stoichiometry ; only the presence , but not the amount of functional groups is possible to discern .
In 1958 , he won gold medal at the 6th European Championships in Stockholm .
The 18th century also saw the Welsh Methodist revival , led by Daniel Rowland , Howell Harris and William Williams Pantycelyn .
A mid-March 2002 court order to stop printing for three months , was evaded by printing under other titles , such as `` Not That Respublika '' .
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 .
Nevertheless , some consider that the earldoms named after counties retain more prestige .
There were 408 households out of which 29.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.9 % were married couples living together , 4.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.2 % were non-families .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
The flywheel effect is the continuation of oscillations in an oscillator circuit after the control stimulus has been removed .
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia - Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa .
In Jewish belief , its fulfilment will be revealed in the cumulation of Creation , in the era of resurrection , in the physical World .
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .
In the Crimean War , the 5th Dragoon Guards formed part of the Heavy Cavalry Brigade and was sent to the Black Sea in 1854 .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
Most yields on short - term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .
It appeared that the split that Kim Il-Sung hoped to create between the ROK and the U.S. was becoming a reality .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
About 2.9 % of families and 3.2 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 3.2 % of those under age 18 and 3.1 % of those age 65 or over .
The canopy was split into two sections and joined by a strong welded steel frame .
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .
KFI helped to keep the calm during the dark days of World War II by airing President Franklin D. Roosevelt 's `` Fireside Chats . ''
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .
Orkem S.A. , a French state - controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Notable incidents alleging the use of the shoot-to-kill policy include the Loughgall ambush , Operation Flavius in Gibraltar , and an incident in Strabane .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake - related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
He accused Maroboduus of hiding in the Hercynian Forest while the other Germans fought for freedom , and accused Maroboduus of being the only king among the Germans .
He was particularly convinced by the reasoning of the Revd .
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high - tech items in New York and West Germany .
After that , he resumed the practice of law , and was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Nebraska in 1880 .
After graduation , Ciprian went on to study acting at the Bucharest Conservatory , where he was coached by Constantin Nottara .
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March .
His work reflects experimental technique , sometimes ignoring time , space , or cause-and-effect , in the service of stories of individuals struggling to transcend fear and limitation .
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing .
An affiliation was formed between the two stations and STV-8 Mildura in the 1970s .
New Jersey Transit provides bus service on the 315 route that runs between Cape May and Philadelphia .
In accordance with Article 19 of the Status of Cameroon on 16 April 1957 , it was not the responsibility of the high commissioner to appreciate , to evaluate , to express an opinion on the names of ministers selected by the Prime Minister or to refuse to ratify a government reshuffle .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti - takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
Applications can use this service to record activity for a production system while implementations of other OSIDs can use the service to record detailed data during development , debugging , or analyzing performance .
DC Comics held a memorial service in Manhattan 's Lower East Side , a neighborhood Eisner often visited in his work , at the Angel Orensanz Foundation on Norfolk Street .
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .
The field at the Lake Elsinore Diamond is named the Pete Lehr Field .
Returning to his room to find Diego 's body on the floor , Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect , but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo at the time .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract - drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
Belfast , located at the western end of Belfast Lough and at the mouth of the River Lagan , was an ideal location for the shipbuilding industry , which was dominated by the Harland and Wolff company which alone employed up to 35,000 workers and was one of the largest shipbuilders in the world .
It started with the main event of the first night of All Star Weekend 6 on January 5 with a Six-Person No Disqualification Tag Team Match that Tornado 's team won when Kingston pinned Hero with the Back Drop Driver .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan .
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L .
It is widely used to study cholinergic neurotransmission in simple systems such as the nematode `` C. elegans '' .
Addressed as `` My Lord '' or `` My Lady '' .
They have included some of the most dangerous assassins in the world including Lady Shiva , David Cain , and Merlyn .
But front month T - bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
According to Kay `` As it was no longer possible for students to follow the programmes of both Geshes , the basis of Geshe Konchog 's teaching programme at the Institute was undermined , and in 1991 he retired to Gyuto Monastery in Assam , India . ''
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % .
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .
Starting on 1 March 1919 , an anti-Japanese demonstration continued to spread , and as the Japanese national and military police could not contain the crowds , the army and even the navy were also called in .
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined .
After that date Helsingin seudun liikenne took over these responsibilities .
When Richard retired in 1960 , he paid tribute to Howe , saying `` Gordie could do everything . ''
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
Until the beginning January 2010 , HKL was responsible for planning and organising all public transport in Helsinki .
Tyabb Airport has plans to develop and expand its runways and helipads .
During the Second World War , the number of Turkish run cafes increased from 20 in 1939 to 200 in 1945 which created a demand for more Turkish Cypriot workers .
Lens subluxation is also seen in dogs and is characterized by a partial displacement of the lens .
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .
Instead , he proposed a `` law - governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear - cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''
In general , the rivalries between all the clubs were friendly , and families were known to switch affiliations depending on which one offered preferred services and events .
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .
It is part of the Surrey Hills Area of Outstanding Beauty and situated on the Green Sand Way .
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
Water pipes are normally buried below the frost line , or insulated to prevent them from freezing .
He ran for Speaker of the Rhode Island House of Representatives four times .
Overlooking Muskrat Lake the park occupies what is thought to be the spot where Champlain met the Native Chief Nibachis .
Combined PC and work - station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .
Wallonia is also home to the small German-speaking Community of Belgium in the east , which has its own government and parliament for culture-related issues .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .
The Alarm are an alternative rock/new wave band that formed in Rhyl , North Wales , in 1981 .
Voorhees approved a plan in 2010 for an $ 850,000 artificial turf field to be completed by 2011 .
Located near Alpha is Lambda Serpentis , a magnitude 4.42 star rather similar to the Sun located only away .
Beyond the community , the creek continues south into Wolf Township , leaving its valley passing by the eastern edge of Hughesville .
It provided the first free crossing of the Muskingum .
There were 47 households out of which 17.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 46.8 % were married couples living together , 4.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 46.8 % were non-families .
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait - and - see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign - currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
In 2004 the Brumbies finished at the top of the Super 12 table , six points clear of the next best team .
In those commission forms with five members , this role is combined with the position of Commissioner of Public Works into a consolidated role as Commissioner of Public Works , Parks and Public Property .
In 1796 Edward Jenner developed a much safer method , using cowpox to successfully immunize a young boy against smallpox , and this practice was widely adopted .
They joined Division Two of the Yorkshire League in 1968 and were relegated to the newly formed Third Division in 1970 .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .
A number of sunken old sailing ships have been suggested to be `` Le Griffon '' but , except for the ones proven to be other ships , there has been no positive identification .
In 1995 Li began teaching Falun Gong abroad , and in 1998 he settled as a permanent resident in the United States .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
State - owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .
The university had refused to recognize the chapter as a `` Registered Student Organization '' because the fraternity only accepts men , and would not recognize the chapter as a `` Social Fraternity '' because the fraternity only accepts Christians .
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit - card receivables .
Only Ballard and Williams are left after Sergeant Jericho and the other officers , along with the two train operators , are killed when they try to finish the fight .
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .
Binding of Hoechst dyes is even stronger to BrdU-substituted DNA ; however , no fluorescence ensues .
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
If the introduced surface had an ionic or polar nature , there would be water molecules standing upright on 1 or 2 of the four sp3 orbitals .
A very early form of vaccination known as variolation was developed several thousand years ago in China .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
Defensive alignment adjustments , however , were not available leading to obvious imbalance in favor of the Offensive player .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .
The Sunday schools which became an important feature of Welsh life made a large part of the population literate in Welsh , which was important for the survival of the language as it was not taught in the schools .
In 1987 , Tony Croatto , a popular Puerto Rican folksinger , discovered one of her children poems and converted it into a musical hit .
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .
Following the breakthrough success of `` Things Fall Apart '' , its release was highly anticipated and delayed , as recording took two years .
In the U.S. over - the - counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
The first playbill containing her name appeared in 1946 .
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily .
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
Finally on 30 June 1 799 , Krishnaraja Wodeyar Ill , a descendant of the ancient royal house was placed on the throne o Mysore by the British while Srirangapatna became the property of the victorious East India Company .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so - called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .
The previous champions in 2005 were Kilmacud Crokes , who were knocked out of the 2006 competition at the semi-final stage .
The Chapters of Bremen Cathedral and part of the administration were located within the city boundary in a district of immunity and extraterritorial status around the Cathedral of St. Peter , where the city council would refrain to interfere .
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .
In 54 BC , Marcus Perperna is mentioned as one of the consulars who bore testimony on behalf of Marcus Aemilius Scaurus at his trial .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
The original architecture provides a beautiful setting that attracts shoppers to its businesses .
The two groups `` turned their arms against each other . ''
Lyubov Speranskaya has become famous scenographic producer and master of scenic and national clothes .
The Burner Plan , formally entitled `` A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq '' , was a 36-page policy paper presented 17 March 2008 by Darcy Burner and other 2008 Democratic congressional candidates , in cooperation with some retired national security officials .
They sow a row of male - fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male - sterile plants .
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .
The fundraiser was successful , and the trip occurred from June through September of 2014 .
His grandson , also called James Geddes , was a civil engineer and agriculturist .
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland .
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .
On 19 March 2001 he was dismissed from the post of chairman of the state administration .
In April 2012 , the United States Department of Justice filed `` United States v. Apple Inc. '' , naming Apple , Macmillan , and four other major publishers as defendants .
And the final leaf contains the Ptolemaic world map on Ptolemy 's first projection , with graduation .
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 .
Many composers have been capable of producing music in printed form without the capacity themselves to read or write in musical notation , as long as an amanuensis of some sort is available .
Names like John Berks , Gary Edwards , Frank Sanders , Robin Alexander , Darryl Jooste , George Wayne and David Gresham all started out at LM Radio before moving to other stations such as Swazi Music Radio , Radio 702 , Springbok Radio and other SABC stations , 2JJ and Capital 604 .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
Most dealerships also provide a series of additional services for car buyers and owners , which are sometimes more profitable than the core business of selling cars .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
James Arthur Hogue is a US impostor who most famously entered Princeton University by posing as a self-taught orphan .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .
In 1926 , `` The News and Courier '' was bought by the owners of Charleston 's main evening paper , `` The Evening Post . ''
This win represented the first VHSL State Championship in the history of Tallwood High School 's academic and athletic competitions .
The Red Army and the local revolutionaries took the city from the Georgian forces on 4 March 1921 , and declared Soviet rule .
In the definitions offered by Beauchamp & Davidson and , later , by Wreen , consent on the part of the patient was not considered to be one of their criteria , although it may have been required to justify euthanasia .
In the parallel universe where the Justice Lords reside , Dick 's counterpart is happily married to Barbara 's and they had a son together .
An original limited artist edition of 250 was published in 1989 and was an oversized fine press slip-cased book with stainless steel faced boards and digital clock inset into the front cover .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
As a result , marketers of faux gems steadily lost space in department stores to more fashionable rivals -- cosmetics makers .
Fuel efficiency rating according to the U.S. EPA testing methodology is : City , Highway , Combined .
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second - level officials until the past few days .
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community .
The defile was very narrow , and could have been easily defended .
Regulations meant that the original sixth lap would be deleted and the race would be restarted from the beginning of said lap .
George Bluth Sr. , patriarch of the Bluth family , is the founder and former CEO of the Bluth Company which markets and builds mini-mansions among many other activities .
Charles prorogued parliament on 25 June , but the army was not disbanded , which worried Shaftesbury .
The term originated from the Harvard Mark I relay-based computer , which stored instructions on punched tape and data in electro-mechanical counters .
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges .
Parragon publishes over 2000 titles every year in over 25 languages .
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
Political lobbying by California Senator Arthur Jellison eventually gets a joint Apollo-Soyuz mission into space to study the comet , dubbed `` The Hammer '' by popular media , which is expected to pass close to the Earth .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
If we assumed that the forts were occupied as densely as those on Hadrian 's Wall , then the garrison on the Gorgan Wall would have been in the order of 30,000 men .
They have webbed feet in order to move more easily across desert sand .
The key element of all optical stabilization systems is that they stabilize the image projected on the sensor before the sensor converts the image into digital information .
32.7 % of all households were made up of individuals and 15.7 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .
During this time he was occasionally depicted with claws and fangs , but these were not a part of his original mutation .
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach - of - contract suit against Sony and the two producers .
Males had a median income of $ 42,368 versus $ 31,208 for females .
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .
The Interdepartmental Program for Film Studies has been organizing the Massachusetts Multicultural Film Festival on campus since 1991 .
The PAC bulletins were widely distributed at these meetings .
It may attain 83 cm in total length , tail 20 cm .
Frowin was chosen as the abbey 's first abbot .
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .
Emma assures him that grades do not always classify a person as ` gifted ' .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
The majority of the population of Leigh were born in England ; 2.10 % were born elsewhere within the United Kingdom , 0.95 % within the rest of the European Union , and 1.47 % elsewhere in the world .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In June , Western Union was forced to reset the interest rate on the senior secured notes due in 1992 to 19 1\/4 % from 16 1\/2 % , a move which increased the firm 's annual interest payments by $ 13.8 million .
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention .
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved .
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself .
Test & official start of the TVN24 HD started on 30 November 2012 .
The extension of the University Library can be found on the second floor , and parking for 120 cars on the third to sixth floors .
Returning home , Ballard delivers her report , which her superiors refuse to believe .
The religions both share a belief in the virgin birth of Jesus , his miracles and healings , and that he ascended bodily into heaven .
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .
Charles delayed declaring war , however , leading Shaftesbury to support a resolution of the House of Commons providing for immediately disbanding the army that Charles was raising .
The waist line was put higher and the skirts became longer .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
This entire area has been identified in Maoist literature as the Compact Revolutionary Zone .
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions .
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per - capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
As of `` A Wind in the Door '' , Sandy aspires to become a banker , on the grounds that it is practical and lucrative .
However , there was no plausible reason why the double agents could not supply accurate data ; the impacts would be common knowledge amongst Londoners and very likely reported in the press , which the Germans had ready access to through the neutral nations .
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit .
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
This implies physiological properties such as hair color , race , and height etc. ; and psychological properties like beliefs , values , and dislikes to name but a few .
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972 .
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor .
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .
Opie and Anthony dubbed the man `` Homeless Charlie '' , who mentioned the possibility of raping Condoleezza Rice and Laura Bush .
Due to the opposing nature of the two songs , they can be viewed as a debate on the opposing attitudes on love found throughout the play .
In 1826 he became the King 's Third Serjeant-at-law and in 1830 was advanced to the Second Serjeant .
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings .
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
He thus became convinced that the Tibetan Gelug tradition as a whole no longer embodied Tsongkhapa 's pure teachings and that he and his disciples must therefore separate from it .
On 5 July 2001 he also retired from the post of regional council chairman .
Millais painted daily into the winter putting lamps under the tub to warm the water .
Freed persons were commonly required to live nearby the former master .
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
At first , Robin thinks of her as a pest , but later comes to enjoy her company .
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .
he was one of only a few concert organists worldwide who supported themselves exclusively by giving recitals , concerts and master classes , without any supplement from teaching or church position .
You can jump over other cars , warp through other cars and even attract your car towards another , but these weapons only affect your car .
